IA shuffle and edits (#13891)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/3.0rc/resources/big-data.mdx

---
title: Big data with Prefect
description: Guidance for using Prefect with big data.
---

This guide explores methods to reduce the processing time or memory utilization of Prefect 
workflows that process large amounts of data, without editing your Python code.

## Optimize your Python code with Prefect for big data

Prefect provides multiple options to optimize your Python code for speed, memory, compute, or 

> disk space. This guide uses examples for how to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
storage. This guide uses examples for how to:
```
